[TEACH laughs]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known as
the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after
eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is
to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
However, Luffy becomes
sidetracked when he finds out
that the prize at a local
fighting tournament
is the Flame-Flame Fruit.
I'm sick of him always
having to protect me!
This time, Soldier...
...I'll protect you!
I promise!
[REBECCA]
He won't make it this time.
He'll die.
Who're you talking about?
[REBECCA] He's a toy soldier
with only one leg.
[LUFFY]
A toy?
Oh, my, elderly gentlemen.
May I offer to carry your
belongings for you?
Oh, am I?
Do you find me funny?
You know, I met someone
like that in front of
the Colosseum.
[REBECCA]
Yeah. It was probably him.
[INMATE C] We're not allowed to
step foot outside the arena.
Even if we wanted
to help your friend,
there's nothing
we can do in here.
I mean is it possible
for a toy to be killed?
Them being alive in the first
place still seems weird.
You're not from around here,
so it difficult to understand.
They aren't any different
from us humans.
Whether it's being friends
for the friendless,
siblings for those
without family,
or bringing love to the lonely.
I don't understand why
it's against the law
for them to live with us.
You know,
ever since the day
I lost my mother,
I didn't have any
family of my own.
He brought me up like
I was his own daughter.
I don't think of him as a toy.
He's more like a father to me.
Wow.
You two sound really close.
[GYATS]
Thank you for your patience!
The ring has been
fully repaired!
Rebecca.
The match is about to start.
[REBECCA] Lucy! Are you
eating food off the ground?
When we were wrestling earlier,
two of the lunches
fell on the floor, see?
You spent hard earned
money on 'em.
I didn't want them
to go to waste.
Besides, they still taste good!
You know, you don't
look like a prisoner.
Which means you can
buy me lunch again!
[laughs]
I'll be seeing you
at the finals.
Yeah! Good luck out there!
[GUARD B]
The tournament's resuming!
All block D contestants,
to the ring!
[COMPETITOR A]
About time!
Mark my words, that Flame-Flame
Fruit is as good as mine!
[COMPETITOR B]
You're all talk.
[COMPETITOR A chuckles]
[REBECCA]
Hey, Mother! Mother!
Look at all the flowers I found!
[SCARLET]
There's so many of them!
I picked this one just for you!
It's beautiful!
Thank you, Rebecca!
And this is from
your mother to you!
Right. Let's go.
Yeah!
One-two! One-two!
We did good selling
all the flowers today!
[SCARLET] Maybe people bought
so many 'cause I had
such a cute little helper!
I say we dig in!
That sounds like a great idea.
You must be starving
from all your hard work!
Yep! I was getting so hungry,
my stomach wouldn't
stop growling!
Oh, no!
[BOTH laugh]
[REBECCA]
This is really yummy!
[SCARLET]
Good!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[MAN F] King Riku's army
is burning the village!
[MAN G]
Make them stop!
It doesn't make any sense!
Why is the king doing this?
That's the royal palace.
It's on fire!
Why's this happening?
Our country's falling apart!
[PIRATE A] Whatever you do,
don't let 'em get away!
[GUARD A]
Run, Lady Scarlet!
I'll hold 'em back!
[PIRATE C]
Who's the shorty? Shoot him!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Run! Don't look back!
[REBECCA]
I'm so hungry.
Mother, I'm starving!
[SCARLET]
I know, dear.
Two days is a long time to wait.
I'm sorry.
[stomach growls]
You'll have to stay here alone
for a while, okay, Rebecca?
You promise me you won't leave
this spot no matter what.
[REBECCA]
Huh?
[SCARLET] I'm going to bring
us something to eat.
[REBECCA]
Really?
[rustling]
[REBECCA]
Is that you, Mother?
I... I couldn't save her.
I'm sorry! It's my fault.
I failed to protect your mother!
She told me to
give you this food.
That you were waiting here
patiently for her to return.
[REBECCA]
I'm so hungry.
Mother, I'm starving!
[SCARLET] I'm going to bring
us something to eat.
[REBECCA]
Mother? Please, Mother.
Wake up. Please. Wake up!
The trail of blood leads
over this way!
They gotta be around here
somewhere close!
Keep looking!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Forgive me!
I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry!
[stomach growls]
[TOY SOLDIER]
You have to eat.
Well, if you don't,
I'll just eat it myself!
Here I go!
I'm about to chew up
all this food!
Your mother was high-born.
She was a very special woman.
These are dangerous times.
Did you know we
have a new king now?
This new ruler.
His mission is to capture
anyone who is related
to the former nobility.
And because you have
your mother's blood,
he'll be coming for you too.
I regret I couldn't save
your mother's life.
But I will devote mine to
protect yours whatever the cost!
Someday...
...happiness will return to you.
Until then, I will stay
by your side!
I'd rather have my mother!
I hate you.
Because you couldn't save her.
I hate you!
Well, how about now?
Ha! How could you hate this?
What if I spin around?
[REBECCA cries]
Wait!
Where are you going, Rebecca?
[REBECCA]
I'm going back home!
[TOY SOLDIER]
You can't! It isn't safe there!
The new king has people
watching the village
and your old house!
[MAN H]
Let's hear it for our new king!
[MAN I]
Doflamingo! Doflamingo!
[DOFLAMINGO] The Riku Dynasty
has presided over this land
of misery and poverty
for centuries!
In the end, they even sank
to stealing valuables
from their citizens in an
act of shameless greed!
But me?
I'm going make this
country wealthy instead!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
[MAN B] I guess toys
do know how to work!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Gotta earn a living!
[REBECCA screams]
[TOY SOLDIER]
Rebecca!
Yah!
[TOY SOLDIER]
[laughs]
[REBECCA]
You idiot!
No use! I'm unbreakable!
No matter what happens,
I will never stop!
[laughs]
[REBECCA crying]
[TOY SOLDIER] ♪ This toy
soldier is brave and true, ♪
♪ in the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you. ♪
It must be cold for her.
Not that I would know.
This tin body feels nothing.
[REBECCA]
Is that better?
Yes. Your hand is very warm.
[REBECCA laughs]
[TOY SOLDIER laughs]
[TOY SOLDIER] ♪ This toy
soldier is brave and true, ♪
♪ in the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you. ♪
How much is lodging?
You can stay in one of
the empty houses for free.
People lived here before
King Riku burned the town.
But most of 'em have moved away.
It's so warm inside!
You should close the window.
No way.
Looks like there's a bunch
of toys living here!
[TOY SOLDIER]
And other children, too.
You should go play.
I think this will make
for a fine new home.
But since there are other
people in the village,
we'll have to follow the law.
After you've gone to sleep,
I'll go back to
the House of Toys.
But I'll return before
you wake up.
To let you know I'm around,
I'll drop a flower petal
through the crack
in the window every morning.
Good morning, soldier sir!
Indeed. It is a... ah!
[REBECCA giggles]
[TOY SOLDIER]
You little monkey!
There's so many neat outfits
here that would fit you
perfectly!
Too cute!
Super cool!
[giggling]
We're not here shopping for me.
You should pick out something
that you'd like to wear.
Can do!
[REBECCA]
Eh?
For a little guy,
you sure do a man's work!
It's a living.
[MAN C]
Whoa! You caught a--!
Does this warrant a bonus?
A very happy birthday
to you, Rebecca!
[REBECCA laughs]
[laughs]
It's really yummy!
[TOY SOLDIER, REBECCA laugh]
[REBECCA]
Here!
Hey, Rebecca!
Let's see how you handle this!
[REBECCA]
Ow!
[BOY A laughs]
Too slow!
[TOY SOLDIER]
I don't think so!
[REBECCA]
So what did you want?
It's just... read this!
[TOY SOLDIER]
I don't think so!
[BOY B]
My... My poor heart!
[REBECCA]
Pass it!
[LITTLE BOY A]
Whoa! Catch!
Bye, Rebecca!
[REBECCA]
Bye!
[MAN D]
She must be an orphan.
[MAN E] Which means no
family's gonna miss her.
[MEN laugh]
[TOY SOLDIER]
Rebecca!
Rebecca! Where are you?
Answer me! Rebecca!
Seems we hit the jackpot.
Cutie like her will fetch
us a good price.
They're taking her!
I'm coming, Rebecca!
Hey.
There's some weird
one-legged toy chasing us.
Rebecca!
Soldier, help!
Are you kidding?
That thing's never gonna
catch up to the boat.
[TOY SOLDIER yells]
[MAN E yells]
Little bastard!
You think a human'll lose
to some crappy toy?
[TOY SOLDIER yells]
I'm gonna break you!
Ah! Soldier, no!
I'll save you!
Sorry.
But I'm on their
wanted list now.
[REBECCA]
So am I!
We'll find a new home.
You know,
I wish we could both actually
live in the same house
one day.
You're going to learn
to defend yourself.
What for? I mean, I've got you.
[TOY SOLDIER] And what if
something should happen to me?
Now fight!
My mother told me
I should never hurt others
no matter what!
But you must protect
yourself from those
who would hurt you.
Come on!
[REBECCA yells]
Why do we have to do this?
[TOY SOLDIER]
Pick up your sword!
Very well!
[REBECCA yelps]
Listen.
This isn't a game we're playing.
[REBECCA yells]
Faster strikes!
Pivot your hips!
[TOY SOLDIER] We're going
to train like this every day!
[REBECCA]
What?
[CROWD cheers]
[REBECCA]
He's always been at my side.
Saved my life countless times.
And here she comes!
But is everyone ready for her?
The most beautiful gladiator
in the Colosseum!
The infamous "Phantom Princess"!
No other fighter could
possibly rile up the crowd
more than her!
[REBECCA]
My soldier. Please don't die.
You never gave up.
[CROWD jeering]
[REBECCA]
So neither will I!
[CROWD jeering]
[LUFFY]
What the hell?!
I don't get why everyone
hates her so much!
Screw 'em!
She's a really nice person!
I mean hey, she even
bought me two lunches!
[INMATE B]
It doesn't matter!
She's bound by
her family's legacy.
Her grandfather
was our former king.
The entire country despises him!
[NARRATOR] Despite the storm of
boos and jeers from the crowd,
the battle for
Block D kicks off.
Rebecca's situation
appears to be hopeless
when every other competitor
suddenly sets their sights
on defeating her.
Meanwhile, a revolution to
change the fate of Dressrosa
is picking up steam.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Last--and Bloodiest--Block!
Block D Battle Begins!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!